edit homepage and ref (#1024)
CliMA/TurbulenceConvection.jl: docs/src/index.md

# TurbulenceConvection.jl

```@meta
CurrentModule = TurbulenceConvection
```

> TurbulenceConvection.jl (TC.jl) is a julia implemntation of the Extendend Eddy-Diffusivity Mass-Flux (EDMF) model published in Tan et al. (2018); Cohen et al. (2020) and Lopez-Gomez et al. (2020). The package conatains a Single Column Model (SCM) which solvers for a single column of a climate model with vertical fluxes computed by the dynamics of the EDMF's 'updrafts' and 'environment' subdomains. 
> The preformance of TC.jl is routinly monitored by a Continuous Integration (CI) and plots of model varianbes from a range of simualtions are plotted in Buildkites. These plots can be viewed via the colored check (`✓`, `x` or `⦿`) near the commit tag in the 'code' page on github web interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TurbulenceConvection.jl (TC.jl) is a julia implementation of the extendend Eddy-Diffusivity Mass-Flux (EDMF) model published in [Tan2018](@cite); [Cohen2020](@cite) and [Lopez-Gomez2020](@cite). The package contains a Single Column Model (SCM) which solvers for a single column of a climate model with vertical fluxes computed by the dynamics of the EDMF's 'updrafts' and 'environment' subdomains. 
The performance of TC.jl is routinely monitored by a Continuous Integration (CI) and plots of model variables from a range of simulations are plotted in [Buildkite](https://buildkite.com/). These plots can be viewed via the colored check (`✓`, `x` or `⦿`) near the commit tag in the 'code' page on github web interface.
```

Author: sorry I changed the names in the bib file

The Extended EDMF model can be run with several specifications such as:

>  - Case: what model setup is run. typically corresponding to an observation campaign (i.e. DYCOMS_RF01 for a standard stratocumulus case) or an LES driven simualtion of the SCM based on CliMA's LES library [Shen2022](@cite).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Case: what model setup is run. typically corresponding to an observation campaign (i.e. DYCOMS_RF01 for a standard stratocumulus case) or an LES driven simualtion of the SCM based on CliMA's LES library [shen2022library](@cite).
```
The contents inside the `@cite` brackets must match the bib entry key.

Author: sorry I changed the names in the bib file

- Closure types: such as entrainment, mixing length etc. 
- Model specifications: such as forcing properties, domian and grid etc.

> - Parameters: Such as the physical parmaeters listed in Table 2 in [Cohen2020](@cite) and Table 1 in [Lopez-Gomez2020](@cite) as well as parameters relating to machine learning models (Fourier Neural Operators, Neural Networks etc.) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Parameters: Such as the physical parameters listed in Table 2 in [cohen2020unified](@cite) and Table 1 in [lopez2020generalized](@cite) as well as parameters relating to machine learning models (Fourier Neural Operators, Neural Networks etc.) 
```
We could alternatively change the key. I'm fine either way

Author: sorry I changed the names in the bib file
